README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://splash.rhw.one/logo.png" alt="SPLASH logo" width="220">
</p>
<h2 align="center">
  root@splash:~$ a modern web proxy
</h2>

SPLASH - **S**ecure **P**roxy for **L**ive **A**udiovisual **SH**ell

SPLASH is a Command Line-like proxy that is command based for a more unique access style.

Just open deployment on a desktop (or download and run `python3 -m http.server {port}`)

Base commands:
`help` - See list of commands (just use this I'm not going to type it all out)

Deploy Yourself
----
> [!NOTE]
> Deployment config files for each provider are included in this repo.




I reccomend Netlify or Render: 
</br>

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/netlify.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)

</br>

[![Deploy to Render](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/render.svg)](https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)


or:

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/heroku.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy/?template=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Run on Replit](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/replit.svg)](https://replit.com/github/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Remix on Glitch](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/glitch.svg)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/import/github/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Amplify Console](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/amplifyconsole.svg)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/amplify/home#/deploy?repo=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Run on Google Cloud](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/googlecloud.svg)](https://deploy.cloud.run/?git_repo=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Oracle Cloud](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/oraclecloud.svg)](https://cloud.oracle.com/resourcemanager/stacks/create?zipUrl=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
[![Deploy on Railway](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/railway.svg)](https://railway.app/new/template?template=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Vercel](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Koyeb](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/koyeb.svg)](https://app.koyeb.com/deploy?type=git&repository=github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH&branch=main&name=SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Cyclic](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/cyclic.svg)](https://app.cyclic.sh/api/app/deploy/rhenryw/SPLASH)

Commit message:

fix(docs): grammar and vocabulary improvements and encourage vite over Python http.server

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://splash.rhw.one/logo.png" alt="SPLASH logo" width="220">
</p>
<h2 align="center">
  root@splash:~$ a modern web proxy
</h2>

SPLASH - **S**ecure **P**roxy for **L**ive **A**udiovisual **SH**ell

SPLASH is a modern web proxy with a user interface similar to a terminal.

For a list of commands, run `help`.

## Development
Use Vite: `npx vite`, `bunx vite`, or `deno run npm:vite` whichever floats your boat

## Deploy yourself

> [!NOTE]
> Deployment config files for each provider are included in this repo.

I recommend Netlify or Render: 
</br>

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/netlify.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)

</br>

[![Deploy to Render](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/render.svg)](https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)


or:

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/heroku.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy/?template=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Run on Replit](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/replit.svg)](https://replit.com/github/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Remix on Glitch](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/glitch.svg)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/import/github/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Amplify Console](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/amplifyconsole.svg)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/amplify/home#/deploy?repo=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Run on Google Cloud](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/googlecloud.svg)](https://deploy.cloud.run/?git_repo=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Oracle Cloud](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/oraclecloud.svg)](https://cloud.oracle.com/resourcemanager/stacks/create?zipUrl=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
[![Deploy on Railway](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/railway.svg)](https://railway.app/new/template?template=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Vercel](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Koyeb](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/koyeb.svg)](https://app.koyeb.com/deploy?type=git&repository=github.com/rhenryw/SPLASH&branch=main&name=SPLASH)
[![Deploy to Cyclic](https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/cyclic.svg)](https://app.cyclic.sh/api/app/deploy/rhenryw/SPLASH)
